Subject: Next week: The epic meetup in Paris, 1889
Hitchhikers,

I've been reading Philip K Dick's 'Ubik' on that long flight from San Francisco to Singapore end of last week. A brilliant book with a story that keeps changing exactly that very moment when you thought you'd understand what's going on  – does that somehow remind you of our last meetup? :-) Besides the story itself the book to me is another example of retrofuturism, where we have people with enhanced psychic powers on one hand, and high-end versions of classic technology on the other. Did you see that in 'Back to the Future II' they still have a fax machine? Probably none of the science fiction authors anticipated the digital lifestyle we have in 2019 and the way connectivity and devices changed the way we communicate, work, and learn.

“Everything that can be invented has been invented.” said Charles H. Duell in 1889. I've not been able to find out whether he went to the world expo in Paris that very same year, but the wealth of things on display might have inspired people to think along those lines. But of course, in 1912 a certain Otto Frederick Rohwedder of Davenport, Iowa invented the first single loaf bread-slicing machine...

With that, we hope you're excited as we are about next week's meetup! We hope to see you there!

Uli

Event: Paris Expo 1889
When: Tuesday, April 16th 7 pm
Where: News & Gossip, Robinson Road
RSVP: https://www.meetup.com/MostlyHarmlessSG/events/260354203/


In the year 1889, there was a revolution in Paris. No shots were fired, no buildings torched, no palaces looted. But on the Champ de Mars and the Esplanades des Invalides, the past and the future fought an epic war of ideas. Iron battled stone, Javanese ritual music defied the siege of German orchestration, electricity triumphed over gas. Nikola Tesla, Thomas Edison, Henry James, Claude Debussy, and Vincent van Gogh were among the ten thousands of visitors who entered the 'Exposition Universelle' through the arch of a spectacular new tower to celebrate a revolution's centennial, a time to consolidate one hundred years of industry, art and social ideals that flowed from the great events of 1789.

What would be the most iconic building of Paris' skyline today if city officials back then hadn't decided to keep the Eiffel Tower as a permanent feature? And ain't we lucky that Gustave Bonickhausen changed his name to Eiffel?

This is 'Mostly Harmless', where geeks, street philosophers, and junk food enthusiasts meet over drinks after work to discuss current affairs and topics at the intersection of technology and humanity. See you at the marvelous 'News & Gossip'!

