Subject: Back to the Future - this Tuesday!

Hitchhikers,

earlier this month, on the 3rd of January, I was going from Singapore
to San Francisco, non-stop. Departure: 10 am, arrival: 8:35 am - on
that very same day. I was tempted to check whether that shiny
Dreamliner had a flux capacitor under the hood, since this was almost
like going back in time!
"What time is it?” is not a question that usually provokes a lot
of soul-searching. It’s generally taken for granted that even if we
don’t know the correct time, a correct time does exist and that
everyone on the planet — whatever time zone they happen to be in —
follows the same clock. Time itself is a social construction,
whatever any group of people think about time ends up being a result
of them interacting with each other. What is the length of a
“work day”? When's dinner? How long does it take for the waitress
to come back with my credit card? In the United States, Europe and
Japan you’ll get three different answers to these questions.

Look at the time! I've been writing this over coffee, sitting at the
wonderful "Klein's Deli" at San Francisco airport on Saturday morning
and I should go to the gate now. 17 hours on the plane, going back
to Singapore - yay!

Our next meetup is this coming Tuesday. Be there!

Date: Tuesday, January 22nd
Time: 7 pm
Location: News & Gossip, Robinson Road, Singapore
RSVP: https://www.meetup.com/MostlyHarmlessSG/events/257806238/

Uli & Diana


"The year 2019: Once a far-off time, once a vessel for writers and
filmmakers to explore their hopes, dreams, and fears of the future.
A time to wonder what advanced technology we’d be living with, and
how much societal and moral progress we would have made. If any.

But reality has trouble keeping up with imagination. 2000 arrived
without our electronics turning on us. We threw away our granite
Maya calendars when 2012 came and went with nary a shower of
brimstone. The year 2015 went by and until this very day, we still
don't have Mattel pink hoverboards! Will 2019 have more success?
And, more importantly, where have all the currywurst places gone?

This is 'Mostly Harmless', where geeks, street philosophers, and
junk food enthusiasts meet over drinks after work to discuss current
affairs and topics at the intersection of technology and humanity.
See you at the marvelous 'News & Gossip'!"
