Subject: Next week – Plato at the Googleplex

Hitchhikers,

uncertainty is the new normal. Many of us have realized that quite some time ago, and the rest of humanity is now starting to get it as well. As concerning & unpredictable the current health situation may be, it's times likese these that push us to the next level, where people come up with innovations in technology that help us do things we never imagined before.

Google, Facebook and several other companies have canceled or postponed their large upcoming events, or are quickly turning them into digital events. The Martians were running an online meetup two weeks ago out of Singapore, talking about the future of work and people from all over APAC were dialing in (watch the sessions on YouTub! https://martians.sg )

Having said that, it's probably also nice to have certain stable, predictable elements in the mix. Like, let's say... our meetup next week. Face to face. Over drinks. At that wonderful, classy bar in Telok Ayer, with like-minded folks. And those fine people who run the place, greet us with a smile, and have an all night long happy hour, exclusively for hitchhikers.

If you're well and and in the mood, we'd love to see you there!

Uli

Date: Tuesday, March 10th
Time: 7 pm
Location: Telok Ayer Arts Club, 2 McCallum Street, Singapore
RSVP: https://www.meetup.com/MostlyHarmlessSG/events/267439589/

It's a lovely Friday afternoon in Mountain View, California when a 2,400-year-old dude in sandals walks into the Google headquarters at Amphitheatre Parkway. Plato, best-selling author of paperback novels including 'The Republic' and 'Symposium' is accompanied by his agent who had the genius idea for him to go on a book tour promoting his latest work, 'Philosophy for Dummies'. And just as the crowd of Googlers pours into the pantry to play with their phones during his Q&A session, our time-traveling writer does what he usually does best: questioning the whole thing.

What would Plato think of Google's omniscient search engine that grows smarter by the day? Is philosophy still relevant to us in 2020? And most importantly, is it safe to assume that Plato got his fix of Gyros at the Google canteen?

This is Mostly Harmless, where geeks, street philosophers, and junk food enthusiasts meet over drinks after work to discuss current affairs and topics at the intersection of technology and humanity. See you in Telok Ayer!
