Hitchhikers,

watching TED talks over coffee has become part of my Saturday mornings, I love those bite sized, inspiring talks that catapult you into the middle of a topic you hadn’t thought of much before. Did you know the day on Mars is 40 minutes longer than on earth? Imagine you were wrangling Mars rovers for NASA, on a 9 to 5 shift - but on Mars time. This entertaining and eye-opening talk gives you an idea not just about the challenges you’ll face, but also shows how we’re so used to thinking of our tiny blue planet as the centre of the universe. https://www.ted.com/talks/nagin_cox_what_time_is_it_on_mars

Recently I started to think about whether I should stop wearing a wrist watch. In 2018 we’re looking into our hand held super computers (we insist calling them phones) way too often, and besides those being music players, calculators, cameras, gameboys, encyclopaedias and dating machines they also come with a clock. So why the wrist watch? I was brought up in the pre-digital age, and you learned that if you wanted to tell the time, you needed one of those. We’re creatures of habit, so after a couple of decades you’ll keep doing things a certain way, and It’s surprisingly difficult for me to make that change and simply leave the house without the watch on my wrist. Maybe I should let it run out of battery and then - not replace it, but wear the watch anyway? I’m not sure yet.

So there, this is the topic for our meetup next week! At this time we can’t confirm that Doctor Emmett Brown will be coming as a guest speaker, but we’d love to get some insights on how he built the flux capacitor back in 1985, and then again later in … 1955. Or something like that.

Title: The Invention of Time
Date & Time: Tuesday, May 15th 7 pm
Location: News & Gossip Cafe, CBD

have a great week ahead and see you there!

Uli

P.S.: we know too well how you need your Monday fix of Mostly Harmless, and I’d receive numerous messages from people who noted there was nothing in your inbox yesterday. There was! Well. There should have been! Our beloved co-organizer Diana was writing a note to all of you yesterday, however, the Meetup platform decided not to send it as an email. Or not yet? You might as well receive it in 2027. In any case, the message is on our board in the group: https://www.meetup.com/MostlyHarmlessSG/messages/boards/thread/51554568
